Describe the confirmDelete option and refactor the guides (#49)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 Widgets/DataGrid/20 Editing/20 API/30 Delete.md

> Call the [deleteRow(rowIndex)](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/GridBase/3%20Methods/deleteRow(rowIndex).md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Methods/#deleteRowrowIndex') method to delete a specific row from the data source. This method invokes a confirmation dialog that allows a user to cancel deletion. The [confirmDelete](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/GridBase/1%20Configuration/editing/confirmDelete.md) option allows to hide this dialog, thus a row is instantly deleted from the data source:

Reviewer: Here too

> Call the [deleteRow(rowIndex)](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/GridBase/3%20Methods/deleteRow(rowIndex).md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Methods/#deleteRowrowIndex') method to delete a specific row from the data source. This method invokes a confirmation dialog that allows a user to cancel deletion. The [confirmDelete](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/GridBase/1%20Configuration/editing/confirmDelete.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/editing/#confirmDelete') option allows to hide this dialog, thus a row is instantly deleted from the data source:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Call the [deleteRow(rowIndex)](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/GridBase/3%20Methods/deleteRow(rowIndex).md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Methods/#deleteRowrowIndex') method to delete a specific row from the data source. This method invokes a confirmation dialog that allows a user to cancel deletion. The [confirmDelete](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/GridBase/1%20Configuration/editing/confirmDelete.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/editing/#confirmDelete') option allows you to hide this dialog instantly deleting the selected row from the data source:
```

        ],
        // ...
    })

##### Vue

    <!-- tab: App.vue -->
    <template>
        <DxDataGrid

>             ref="DataGrid">

Reviewer: Write ref names is lowerCamelCase. Please make this change in all these code samples.

            <DxEditing
                mode="row"
                :allow-deleting="true"
                :confirm-delete="false"
            />
        </DxDataGrid>
        <DxButton
            text="Delete Row"
            @click="deleteRow"
        />
    </template>

    <script>
    import { DxDataGrid, DxEditing } from 'devextreme-vue/data-grid';

    import DxButton from 'devextreme-vue/button';

    export default {
        components: {
            DxDataGrid, 
            DxEditing,
            DxButton
        },
        methods: {
            deleteRow() {

>                 this.$refs.DataGrid.instance.deleteRow(1);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                this.$refs.dataGrid.instance.deleteRow(1);
```

            }
        },
        data() {}
    }
    </script>

##### React

    <!-- tab: App.js -->
    import React from 'react';

    import { DataGrid, Editing } from 'devextreme-react/data-grid';
    import Button from 'devextreme-react/button';

    class App extends React.Component {
        constructor(props) {
            super(props);

            this.DataGridRef = React.createRef();
            this.deleteRow = this.deleteRow.bind(this);
        }

>         get DataGrid() {

Reviewer: Since this is a variable, it too should be in lowerCamelCase

            return this.dataGridRef.current.instance;
        }

        deleteRow() {
            this.dataGrid.deleteRow(1);
        }

        render() {
            return (
                <DataGrid  
                    ref={this.dataGridRef}>
                    <Editing
                        mode="row"
                        confirmDelete={false}
                        allowDeleting={true} 
                    />
                </DataGrid>
                <Button
                    text="Delete Row"
                    onClick={this.deleteRow}
                />
            );
        }
    }
    export default App;

---

> Note that in the [batch mode](/concepts/05%20Widgets/DataGrid/20%20Editing/10%20User%20Interaction/30%20Batch%20Mode.md '/Documentation/Guide/Widgets/DataGrid/Editing/#User_Interaction/Batch_Mode') a row is only marked as deleted. To save changes, call the [saveEditData()](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/GridBase/3%20Methods/saveEditData().md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Methods/#saveEditData') method. Calling the [undeleteRow(rowIndex)](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/GridBase/3%20Methods/undeleteRow(rowIndex).md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Methods/#undeleteRowrowIndex') method cancels row deletion.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that in [batch mode](/concepts/05%20Widgets/DataGrid/20%20Editing/10%20User%20Interaction/30%20Batch%20Mode.md '/Documentation/Guide/Widgets/DataGrid/Editing/#User_Interaction/Batch_Mode') a row is only marked as deleted. To save changes, call the [saveEditData()](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/GridBase/3%20Methods/saveEditData().md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Methods/#saveEditData') method. Calling the [undeleteRow(rowIndex)](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/GridBase/3%20Methods/undeleteRow(rowIndex).md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Methods/#undeleteRowrowIndex') method cancels row deletion.
```
